README.md, before:

# Dracula for [Foobar](https://foobar.com)

> A dark theme for [Foobar](https://foobar.com).

![Screenshot](./screenshot.png)

## Install

All instructions can be found at [draculatheme.com/foobar](https://draculatheme.com/foobar).

## Team

This theme is maintained by the following person(s) and a bunch of [awesome contributors](https://github.com/dracula/foobar/graphs/contributors).

| [![Zeno Rocha](https://github.com/zenorocha.png?size=100)](https://github.com/zenorocha) |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Zeno Rocha](https://github.com/zenorocha)                                               |

## Community

- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/draculatheme) - Best for getting updates about themes and new stuff.
- [GitHub](https://github.com/dracula/dracula-theme/discussions) - Best for asking questions and discussing issues.
- [Discord](https://draculatheme.com/discord-invite) - Best for hanging out with the community.

## License

[MIT License](./LICENSE)

Commit message:

chore: update readme
Signed-off-by: Dominic Hock <d.hock@it-hock.de>

README.md, after:

# Dracula for [Uptime Kuma](https://uptime.kuma.pet/)

> A dark theme for [Uptime Kuma](https://uptime.kuma.pet/).

![Screenshot](./screenshot.png)

## Install

All instructions can be found at [draculatheme.com/uptime-kuma](https://draculatheme.com/uptime-kuma).

## Team

This theme is maintained by the following person(s) and a bunch of [awesome contributors](https://github.com/dracula/foobar/graphs/contributors).

| [![Dominic Hock](https://github.com/subtixx.png?size=100)](https://github.com/subtixx) |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Dominic Hock](https://github.com/subtixx)                                               |

## Community

- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/draculatheme) - Best for getting updates about themes and new stuff.
- [GitHub](https://github.com/dracula/dracula-theme/discussions) - Best for asking questions and discussing issues.
- [Discord](https://draculatheme.com/discord-invite) - Best for hanging out with the community.

## License

[MIT License](./LICENSE)
